Ohh, yeah!
♪ Powerpuff Girls
fighting crime ♪
♪ To save the world
before bedtime ♪
♪ Here's the time to shine
when you're fighting crime ♪
♪ Power it up ♪
♪ Who's got the power? ♪
♪ We got the power ♪
♪ Breaking through the wall,
gonna do it all ♪
♪ We don't quit ♪
♪ Who's got the power? ♪
♪ We got the power ♪
Oh! Yeah!
Professor, which says
"future elected official" --
fire truck red,
or candy apple red?
Ugh, I don't know,
Blossom,
They're both lovely.
Ow, ow!
Please hold still, Buttercup!
Ow!
This sweater is itchy!
Ugh, please.
I'd like to have this
cowlick under control Ow!
for at least one school
picture day. Ow!
I think
I'll go with rocket red --
for perseverance
in the face of adversity!
Ow! Stop!
What's the point?!
School photos are the worst!
No one ever looks good in them.
Yeah.
No one but you-know-who.
Oh my!
Is it school picture day?
I completely forgot!
♪ Can't get it fixed or not ♪
♪ Come and get it,
workin' hot ♪
When he photographs me,
I feel like Miguel really
captures the essence of my face.
Uh-huh.
Woman: Next!
Whee!
[ Gasps ]
You're not Miguel.
Nope.
I'm his replacement.
I just got promoted
from the cafeteria.
B-b-b-but --
Ah, relax, kid.
Any dumb-dumb
can work a camera these days.
Now tilt your head this way,
reach that shoulder to the sky,
and say "Give me the sauce!"
Tilt head -- r-raise shoulder?
Give me the what?
[ Screams ]
What?
[ Snickering ]
No way!
You took
a bad school photo?
Give it back!
And not just bad,
probably
the worst school photo ever!
[ Laughing ]
[ Sobbing ]
Don't cry, dude --
it's funny.
I don't want it
to be funny!
I want it to be cute!
[ Sobbing ]
Bubbles, it's okay.
Yeah, nobody bats 1,000.
I mean,
this is the first year
that mine actually
turned out okay.
[ Sniffles ]
I've never felt so ugly before.
Bubbles,
it's not that big a deal.
You could just do retakes.
No retakes this year,
kiddos!
I just got fired!
The world works
in mysterious ways!
I'm gonna be ugly forever!
You're not ugly, Bubbles.
[ Crying ]
Come on, you just need
a little pick-me-up.
We'd like a fresh new look
for our sister here.
Great, and how much are you
girls looking to spend today?
Oh, well...
Um...
I have a free burger coupon
you can have.
Ooh, I'll go get
our apprentice stylist.
Hello!
You again?!
How did you get this job?
Oh, come on!
Any dumb-dumb with
a pair of scissors can cut hair.
Shut your eyes, kid.
Let's do this.
[ Snipping ]
I can fix this.
I can...
Got it!
Totally Tiffany's
makeup starter kit for girls!
Wait, didn't that stuff
get recalled?
Something about horrible
allergic reactions?
Eh, I'm sure it's fine!
Now hold still
and let Tiffany work her magic.
[ Pop! ]
[ Pop! Pop! Pop! ]
[ Screaming ]
Professor!
This will get the swelling
under control.
There now.
Professor,
am I not the cute one anymore?
"The cute one"?
Yeah, you know,
Blossom is the smart one,
Buttercup is the cool one.
If I'm not the cute one,
what am I?
Oh, Bubbles.
Being cute
is such a small part
of the amazing person
you are.
But between you and me,
you're the cutest one
in the whole wide world.
You mean it?
Yeah!
You're right!
I'm not gonna let this
get me down!
Um, Bubbles, you're heading
right for the --
Aagh!
[ Clang! ]
Whew!
Good thing those were
just baby teeth, huh?
Bubbles!
We got you some ice cream!
We didn't know
what flavor you'd want...
So we got all of them!
Aw!
Thanks, guys.
I'm actually feeling
a lot better.
[ Glass shatters ]
What?
Is it bad?
N-no!
Yes!
Dude, yes, it is!
Buttercup!
I can't lie!
[ Horn honks ]
-What is that thing?!
-It's hideous!
Keep driving -- for the love
of humanity -- keep driving!
I'm...I'm...
I'm a monster!
What? No!
It's true.
I'm a monster.
An ugly, hideous monster!
Dude, this is all
in your head.
Bubbles, you're being
kind of crazy.
Oh! So now you think
I'm ugly and crazy!
I've always just been
the cute one to you.
And now that I'm not cute,
you think I'm worthless! Right?
Ha. All right, girls, I think
it's time to go home now.
Home?
I'm never going home!
Never!
So...
can we eat her ice cream?
[ Bach's "Tocatta and Fugue"
playing ]
I have become darkness --
it inhabits me now.
Cast out by society --
shunned, rejected.
I will have my vengeance.
[ Hisses ]
[ Whimpers ]
There's only one place
I can go now.
Well...
this is awkward.
Come now.
Tell Mojo
what's on your mind.
Well... [ Slurps ]
I want to wreak vengeance on
those who have forsaken me!
So...
I came to the only person
who knows what it's like to be
rejected for being hideous.
[ Gasps ]
Mojo is not hideous!
He is at least a solid...
eight.
Okay, the point is,
we can team up.
I could be
your evil acolyte.
Nope.
Sorry, Mojo operates solo.
He has no room
for sidekicks.
Um...
You have bunk beds.
Curse that
aggressive salesman!
So what do you say?
Hmm. Very well.
We shall wreak havoc
on this forsaken Townsville.
And maybe even destroy
those accursed Powerpuff Girls.
[ Laughs maniacally ]
What did you say?
Oh, uh -- nothing.
Aroo!
[ Roars ]
[ Growls ]
[ Snarls ]
[ Imitates chimp ]
[ Animals screeching ]
[ Trumpets ]
With your ability
to talk to animals,
and my evil genius,
we will --
uh, we will...
We will do many bad things!
Come, my cutesy critters.
Go forth and destroy!
Destroy!
[ Laughs maniacally ]
Bubbles,
what are you doing?
There is no more Bubbles.
I have shed that name.
From hence forth,
there is only Dark Bubbles.
Oh, Dark Bubbles.
Wow, you really
changed it up there.
Silence!
You cannot stop me
and my hideous henchman.
Aw, come on!
All right, Bubbles,
let's get you home!
Let go of me!
[ Hisses ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Laughing ]
Good job, Dark Bubbles!
Now, destroy your sisters!
[ Lows ]
Bubbles,
what are you doing?!
This isn't you!
This is me!
You've made me this --
a monster!
Dude, no.
You're the best sister
in the world.
Remember when I wiped out
on my skateboard
and you took care of me?
Or when I had spinach
in my teeth,
and everyone made fun of me
so you put spinach
in your teeth, too?
No, no --
don't listen to them.
Drop the hippo -- now!
Bubbles,
you're a good person!
You're, like, the most caring
person in the world, Bubbs.
Hey, hey, Dark Bubbles,
don't listen to them.
This is your destiny!
No, it's not!
Yes, it is!
You are evil now.
No, you're not!
Yes, you are!
Don't!
No!
Yes!
Do it, do it!
Silence!
I have made my choice.
You see?
She's come to her sense--
[ Grunts ]
[ Weakly ] Curses.
My beasties,
you are released.
[ Shrieks ]
[ Squawking ]
[ Hissing ]
And, you...
you're going to pay for this.
Me?!
It was your idea!
Oh...yeah.
And that's why I'm gonna
let you go this one time.
'Cause I got a good team here.
And when we get mad,
we aren't very cute.
Oh, okay.
Mojo is on his way.
Come on, girl.
[ Trumpets softly ]
I'm sorry, guys.
I had no idea
I'd let my identity
become so defined
by being cute.
Yeah.
Talk about limiting yourself.
Under the surface,
you're, like, terrifying!
So much better
than being cute.
Yep, I think
we all learned a lot today!
Not you again!
You know it!
I'm back in the photo game
after that salon got
a restraining order against me.
Hey, can I get a shot
for the Townsville Daily?
Yes! Yes, you can.
Okay. Everyone say, "Break me
off a slice of that funk pie!"
You really want to
hang that one up?
Yeah.
I look so happy.
Plus, I'm with my favorite
people in the whole wide world!
Wow, you really learned
a lot from all this, Bubbles.
Yep, most importantly,
that I'll never be
as ugly as Mojo.
Un-be-lievable.
♪ Powerpuff Girls
fighting crime ♪
♪ Saving the world
before bedtime ♪
♪ Battling evil toe-to-toe ♪
♪ Saving the day,
a Powerpuff goal ♪